Add back f1 support (deprecated). Closes #231 (#232)
filecoin-station/core: README.md

[Common Configuration](#common-configuration):

- `FIL_WALLET_ADDRESS` _(string; required)_: Address of the Filecoin wallet that

>   will receive rewards. The value must be a mainnet address starting with
>   `f410`, `0x` (or `f1`, deprecated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  will receive rewards. The value must be a mainnet address starting with
  `f410`, `0x`. 
  
  Addresses starting with `f1` are deprecated. We allow them
  for now but will start rejecting them in an upcoming version.
```
